Guide:
CODING GUIDELINES

1. Install TSLINT in .CODE and check properly while writing code, In application we should not have any LINT errors.

2. All 3rd party dependency must be declared in Hodler.module.ts file only.

3. All material design components are defined in material.module.ts, use that module only, if anything is missing

from material component CSS perspective import it in material.module.ts.

4. All angular modules, our custom modules, components or services and directives used on global level which we have written must be

part app.module.ts.

5. All component or services which are created for one feature module (eg- psm.module.ts) must be declared in same module.

6. All reusable functions like using session storage or local storage must be created only once inside shared services.

7. Shared module is created to hold shared functionalities between different modules so declared such function in shared

service only.

8. All features modules must import only Holder or Shared module, material module is already part of holder module so

it will be available  for all modules.

9. All global components like spinner or dialog box will be created in component folder only and must be injected as per

above guidelines.

10. All component must implement OnDestroy lifecycle method if component has subscribed to any service. In OnDestroy method

it must unsubscribe to all observables.

11. No PLAIN JAVASCRIPT DOM MANIPULATION like document.getElementById etc will be written in TS files, rather user angular

renderer2, or native element properties.

12. No var type will be used in TS, use const or let only.

13. No JSON or array will be used without a model.

14. While developing CSS or functionalities check no other written code is breaking.

15. All API calls must be made through HTTPCOMMONSERVICES. Donot use HTTPCLIENT directly.

16. Donot changes any functions or SCSS on global level without discussion with team.

17. At regular intervals generate prod files using ng --prod and run it with lite-server or http-server on dist file generated,

and do a sanity check, if everything is working.

18. All base URL of server will be declared in environment.ts use those URL to connect to API's.

19. All names in Ts files will follow camel-case.

20. All id and class names will be in lower case separated by - . Keep all class and id name unique to your component

for which you can start names with your screen name.
